qb epa doesnt take into account qb replacements or benchings, starting qb will receive all stats
is it worth it to take into account short vs deep passing, and run locations? or is that getting too granular
should i take into account penalties?
should i take into account things like home stadium, outdoor vs indoor, weather, etc.?
take into account fourth down stop as turnover? 
take into account number of punts?

Notes on rushing value model: 
Uses score>23 as the rb win column. Logic here is that rushing isnt necessarily a great predictor of which team wins the game, and the coefficient ended up being a bit wonky on the logistic regression. Reduced it to just be rushing attempts and rushing epa and that seems to give a pretty good rb value, consistent with more or less what you'd expect to see. 

Notes on defense models: 
Currently doing things on a per play basis - this gives the best actual value of how a defense performs, however, fails to take into account how often a defense is on the field. For example - colts defense in 2022 has a good run defense, but since the offense cant sustain drives they are on the field a lot. On a per play basis, they are very good, but total defense wise they may not be. How to determine defensive value here becomes tricky.

Maybe want to account for opposing qb in defense models?

Notes for offense models: 
May want to switch to doing things on a per play basis as well.

Note on the adjusted model:
Since the adjusted model uses the rolling 6 game stats to adjust, the data will only start from week 3
past 6 game rolling has its first data for week 2 (since it needs week 1 to finish to get any data)
then, adjusted model needs to wait one more week since week 2 is the first week we can adjust data 
thus week 3 is the first week usable for prediction

After changing the adjusted model to the one qb per week, theres some qb def adjusted values that are null. Could replace these values with the original non adjusted value, or just leave it since the rolling average should factor that in. But it means we lose that row of data. I think doing some sort of replacement might make sense, maybe knock the def value down a bit since this means they played a rookie or backup qb most likely

some possible features to add (may help everywhere, but probably will mostly help for total points):
- some measure of pace of play (avg offensive plays/possesion time, plays per minute, etc.)
- same as above but the equivalent defensive stats
- pass percentage/run percentage
- opposing pass percentage/run percentage